Ah, don't, don't go, don't go
No sir it's me not me sir it's me it's me
Eat inside and out
This is where you go to fly.
Hold them down
I will personally escort it overseas
Let them never come back
Hurry up and see what's going on, oops, I'm looking for it too
Oh, how would I know?
Mr. Wu
What's the matter? I'll take them to buy a dish.
little girl
Can I help you?
Yeah.
But you seem sorry, Mr. Wu
I'm a psychopath.
I thought of you as my mother this morning
My mother died early
I will die
Mom, let's go!
It's okay, I'm here
Hey, what about the car repairman?
You're getting more and more presumptuous late at night
I didn't come home last night, and now I'm in a panic
Cheng He Style
Sir, I'm going to do a paternity test report for you and Song Wu
You went to Grandma Tang's house to investigate
Song Wu is not your daughter at all
Tang Wu is your daughter who was killed by Sun Liancheng in the Sun family
Sun Guizhi and Song Wu were abused for two years
Two years, look carefully
This is the paternity test report
There is also a video that Xiaoya, the employee of the Sun family, secretly sent me this morning.
You can watch the video of your own daughter being abused by those scumbags.